Master Jiang's family has had too many negative news recently
Huacan Group has just notified
Terminate all cooperation with the Jiang family
You must now appoint a new successor
Eliminate negative news
Only then can we recover the cooperation with Huacan Group
It's all this rebellious son who forces mother and son
Hospital maid bribes doctor to take credit
It has caused so many negative effects on our Jiang family
I have to steady him first
When Dad comes, he will definitely expose your lies
If you want to walk, you have to crawl out
That's right, Dr. Zhao has already proven it
Xiaoli is the hero who bravely saves his father
And you are the bear who escaped from fame
willing to admit defeat
Hurry up and take him, break his legs and get out
I beg you.
Let him go because he is also a Jiang family member
Good idea.
Then you kneel down and kowtow to us, apologize and agree.
We are happy
Really let it go
You don't have to beg him for someone like Mom
Young Master Xiao Can is still young
You broke his legs?
His life is really ruined
As long as you let go
I would.
I would like to replace him
Mom
Don't be old
Don't worry, wait for me to break his leg
You are next.
You really
What are you still doing when I kill you?
Break his legs for me
Stop
I see who dares to touch my son's father